## **DevFest Pisa's Call for Paper is now open! 🎉**

💡 Do you have an idea for a talk or workshop that you'd like to share with the community? 👤 Do you want to share your experience and knowledge with other developers? 💻 Are you passionate about a specific technology or programming language?

If you answered YES to any of these questions, then join us and submit a talk for DevFest Pisa 2023!

Q: **What is DevFest Pisa, you might ask?**

> 📅 DevFest Pisa is a one-day conference all about us, developers! The event will take place on April first! No, this is not an April fool! Our goal is to gather together developers, share our expertise, and learn from one another.

Q: **What kind of talk can I submit?**

> The topic for each session is up to you, as long as you're able to fit it into one of the following formats:

> - **Talk**: A speech of variable duration, 10,20, or 40 minutes followed by 5 minutes of Q&A. We differentiate the following categories.

    *   Tech Talk: a session about strictly technical matters.
    *   Soft Talk: a session about non-strictly technical matters
    (we especially enjoy soft skills, inclusion, and diversity, but feel free to submit anything)

> - **Workshop**: usually a hands-on lab in where the speaker teaches a technology, framework, or language to the audience, who will be able to follow along and interactively ask questions to the speaker. We also accept "soft" workshops where the participants can practice and/or improve a skill.

Q: **How can I submit my talk/workshop?**

> Easy! Just click [this link](https://sessionize.com/devfest-pisa-2023)!

### ⏰ The deadline for submissions is Jan 31 2023 ⏰

Don't wait too long to submit your proposal. We can't wait to see what amazing ideas and insights you have to share!

We hope to see you at DevFest Pisa 2023! 🤗
